Add dual adrv9001 zcu102 (#1621)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: docs/projects/adrv9001_dual/index.rst

Configuration modes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :git-hdl:`AXI ADRV9001 IP <library/axi_adrv9001>` in this HDL project is
configured to work in LVDS and CMOS interface; it supports two configuration
modes:

- 2R2T - 2x Rx and 2x Tx independent control and DMAs for the two RF channels
- 1R1T - 1x Rx and 1x Tx common control and DMAs for the two RF channels also
  noted as R1_MODE

For any mode the number of RF channels(two) doesn't change only the controlling
instance and the DMAs.

The design has four receive paths and four transmit paths.
Two of the receive paths (Rx12) have four channels and the other (Rx2) two
channels. These only work independently, not concomitantly.
One must chose between two active paths (2R2T), or just the Rx12 (1R1T) path,
which has four active channels, while Rx2 is disabled.
The same applies to the transmit path but in the other direction.

When only the Rx12 path is active with four channels mode, the iaxi_adrv9001
core will take ownership of both of its source synchronous interfaces.
The requirement in this case is that both interfaces, of an axi_adrv9001 core,
run at the same rate.

> Regarding the related parameters INDEPENDENT_1R1T_SUPPORT and COMMON_2R2T_SUPPORT.
> The purpose of this parameters is to keep only the desired resources.
> By default all modes are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding the related parameters INDEPENDENT_1R1T_SUPPORT and COMMON_2R2T_SUPPORT,
their purpose is to keep only the desired resources. By default, all modes are available.
```

Clock scheme
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The clocks are managed by the ADRV9002 devices and are software programmable.

> Pleasei refer to the device data sheet for the various clocks within the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the device datasheet for the various clocks within the device.
```

Independently a board provides a 38.4MHz crystal for the :adi:`ADRV9002`.
An external reference clock can also be used.

CPU/Memory interconnects addresses
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The addresses are dependent on the architecture of the FPGA, having an offset
added to the base address from HDL (see more at :ref:`architecture cpu-intercon-addr`).

> AMD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**AMD**
```

Reviewer: If there's only AMD support, we don't even need this line.

====================== =============== ===========
Instance               Zynq/Microblaze ZynqMP
====================== =============== ===========
axi_adrv9001_1         0x44A00000      0x84A000000
axi_adrv9001_1_rx1_dma 0x44A30000      0x84A300000
axi_adrv9001_1_rx2_dma 0x44A40000      0x84A400000
axi_adrv9001_1_tx1_dma 0x44A50000      0x84A500000
axi_adrv9001_1_tx2_dma 0x44A60000      0x84A600000
axi_adrv9001_2         0x44A70000      0x84A700000
axi_adrv9001_2_rx1_dma 0x44A80000      0x84A800000
axi_adrv9001_2_rx2_dma 0x44A90000      0x84A900000
axi_adrv9001_2_tx1_dma 0x44AA0000      0x84AA00000
axi_adrv9001_2_tx2_dma 0x44AB0000      0x84AB00000

> ====================== =============== ===========

Reviewer: Update the Interconnect table: addresses should use the 0x44A0_0000 format.
